CoffeeMaker Assignment 3 - Add Mocks and Stubs 
=================================

Due date: 13 September 2021

My task is to modify ```coffeeMakerTest.java``` to use Mockito and create a mocked/stubbed version of RecipeBook then re-run the unit tests that are not focused on RecipeBook, such as PurchaseBeverage.  I want to find the bugs in the CoffeeMaker and Inventory classes using the stubbed RecipeBook, and to check that RecipeBook is being used appropriately using the mocking support of Mockito.

In this instance, I will not modify AddRecipe, DeleteRecipe, and EditRecipe. A good place to focus is on [UC7](../../wiki/UC7:%20PurchaseBeverage)

## Assignment Report
* [List of modified test cases]()

CoffeeMaker Assignment 2 - code coverage with JaCoCo
=================================

Due date: 7 September 2021

My task is to add code coverage using JaCoCo to my coffeemaker project by add it as a Gradle plugin (which automatically creates a task to generate a report).

This exercise focuses entirely on testing.  I'm NOT to fix the coffee maker.  I'm only to develop tests to exercise the functionality as described in the requirements.

## Assignment Report

* [JaCoCo test report version 1 (before add test cases)](../../wiki/Before%20add%20test%20cases)
* [JaCoCo test report version 2 (after add test cases)](../../wiki/After%20add%20test%20cases)
* [Instruction how to generate JaCoCo report](../../wiki/How%20to%20generate%20JaCoCo%20report)

CoffeeMaker Assignment 1 - write unit tests
=================================

Due date: 31 August 2021

My task is to create a file, `CoffeeMakerTest.java`, which properly tests the `CoffeeMaker` class to ensure it is working properly. 

This exercise focuses entirely on testing.  I'm NOT to fix the coffee maker.  I'm only to develop tests to exercise the functionality as described in the requirements.

## Assignment Report
* [Test Cases Listing](../../wiki/Test%20Case)
* [Requirement Traceability Matrix](../../wiki/Requirement%20Traceability%20Matrix)
* [Bug Report](../../wiki/Bug%20Report)
* [Instruction how to run unit test](../../wiki/Instruction%20how%20to%20run%20tests)


## Directory Structure
 * `build.gradle` -- the build file that will help you build the SUT and tests as well as execute the tests and measure coverage
 * `gradlew` -- script to run gradle from a *NIX system
 * `gradlew.bat` -- script to run gradle from Windows
 * `src/main/java` -- contains the system under test (SUT; in this case, the coffee maker code) and all of its dependencies.  Do not modify any of this code.
   - `edu.ncsu.csc326.coffeemaker.*` -- the code for the system under test (the coffee maker)
 * `src/test/java` -- the test code
   - `edu.ncsu.csc326.coffeemaker.CoffeeMakerTest` -- the JUnit tests for the `CoffeeMaker` class.  You will need to update this file.
 * `build/reports` -- contains the different reports generated by the build.  NOTE: This directory will only exist once a gradle build has been run!
   - `tests/test/index.html` -- the JUnit test report (describing which tests passed and which failed); this file is only created if the unit tests are executed.
